you need to worry about retirement. They want, um you know, there is a
lot of talk right now about altering the retirement system on going
to a high three. We're going thio competition for a wood que, um, you
want to try to invest as much as you can for one case for you? We
started doing that. It'll take care of it back also at the back end,
you know, you're going is always you go get 20 good years. And if
that's in the reserves myself, retired reserve captain, um, 18 years
active, 12 in the reserves. So I did not get a good 20 on my active
side. I 18. So I needed two more 12 more years in the reserves and
was able to retire on. Now I get my pay. Um, yeah, I planned on that.
I planned on my health care. Probably could have done a better job.
Something away. Money, more money towards a 41 day. So whatever you
can salt away try one of the rules of thumb was easy enough. When
you get your next pay raise every two years, you're called up into a
higher paper rocket. Take half the rays. Put it that that was always
a good rule of thumb